update Holesky docs (#5435)
status-im/nim-beacon-chain: docs/the_nimbus_book/src/holesky.md

# Holešky testnet

> `holesky` succeeded Prater as the main long-running Ethereum staking, infrastructure and protocol-developer testnet.
> For testing decentralized applications, smart contracts, and other EVM functionality, please use Sepolia testnet!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`holesky` is the main long-running Ethereum staking, infrastructure and protocol-developer testnet.
For testing decentralized applications, smart contracts, and other EVM functionality, please use Sepolia testnet!
`holesky` replaces the Prater/Görli network which has been deprecated since early 2023.

```
